Application and Interview Impersonation Notice: Impersonating another individual when applying for employment, and/or participating in an interview process to assist another individual in obtaining employment, with Precisely Software Incorporated (“Precisely”) is unlawful. If Precisely identifies such fraudulent conduct, then as applicable and to the extent permitted by law, the application will be rejected, an offer (if made) will be rescinded, or the employment will be terminated, and legal action may be taken against the impersonators. Precisely is the leader in data integrity. We empower businesses to make more confident decisions based on trusted data through a unique combination of software, data enrichment products and strategic services. What does this mean to you? For starters, it means joining a company focused on delivering outstanding innovation and support that helps customers increase revenue, lower costs and reduce risk. In fact, Precisely powers better decisions for more than 12,000 global organizations, including 95 of the Fortune 100. Precisely's 2500 employees are unified by four company core values that are central to who we are and how we operate: Openness, Determination, Individuality, and Collaboration. We are committed to career development for our employees and offer opportunities for growth, learning and building community. With a "work from anywhere" culture, we celebrate diversity in a distributed environment with a presence in 30 countries as well as 20 offices in over 5 continents. Learn more about why it's an exciting time to join Precisely! Precisely is an AI-first organization. All employees are expected to demonstrate proficiency in applying AI tools to accelerate their work, improve output quality, and eliminate low-value tasks. Candidates should be comfortable using generative AI tools (e.g., Microsoft Copilot, ChatGPT) in their day-to-day workflows, able to evaluate AI-generated outputs critically, and open to continuously adopting new AI capabilities as they emerge.This position is 100% remote anywhere in the US Candidates located in the Eastern or Central time zones are preferred to support collaboration with global teams. Overview: Senior Automation Engineers at Precisely design, build, and scale automation that connects tools, systems, and teams across globalization and user assistance operations. As a senior member of a global team, you work closely with engineers, information developers, localization specialists, DevOps, and other cross-functional stakeholders in an Agile, agentic-first environment. You lead the design and evolution of automation frameworks, reduce manual effort at scale, improve system reliability, and enable end-to-end workflows through API integrations, scripting, CI/CD, and AI-enabled automation. What you will do: Lead the design and implementation of automation supporting workflows across the documentation and software development lifecycle, including content creation, validation, publishing, UI localization, translation, and delivery. Design, build, and operate production-grade agents, skills, scripts, and automation pipelines that replace complex, manual, and repetitive processes across documentation, localization, and language operations. Architect and integrate systems across documentation, localization, and content platforms using MCPs and REST APIs to enable reliable, scalable, and secure end-to-end workflows. Apply AI and LLM-based capabilities to generate, validate, transform, enrich, and manage content in alignment with approved security, privacy, and compliance standards. Own the reliability, performance, and maintainability of automation systems through monitoring, troubleshooting, and continuous improvement. Define and contribute to standards, patterns, and reusable components that support consistent and scalable automation practices. Mentor team members through technical guidance, design reviews, and knowledge sharing. Partner cross-functionally to advance automation maturity, innovation, and AI-assisted documentation and localization workflows. Other duties may be assigned. What we are looking for: BA/BS degree in computer science, engineering, information systems, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience. 5+ years of experience in automation engineering, software engineering, or systems integration, preferably supporting developer platforms, documentation, localization, or content operations. Strong proficiency in Python, with experience building maintainable, testable, production-grade automation and agent frameworks. Advanced experience with Git-based workflows such as GitHub, including pull requests, code reviews, and repository automation. Experience with work-tracking and planning tools such as Jira, Linear, or similar systems. Strong understanding of CI/CD concepts and tools such as GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, Jenkins, or Azure DevOps. Due to collaboration with global teams, flexibility in working hours (including late afternoon meetings) will be required. AI Skills / Knowledge: Strong experience using AI-assisted engineering tools (e.g., GitHub Copilot, Cursor) with awareness of responsible AI practices including security, privacy, bias, and traceability. Proven ability to design and operate production automation using Python and REST APIs. Hands-on experience building and maintaining automation pipelines using Git-based CI/CD systems. Demonstrated experience integrating LLMs via APIs to automate documentation and language operations. Preferred Skills: Experience designing or operating multi-agent or tool-orchestrated AI workflows at scale, including coordination and failure recovery. Experience owning or evolving shared automation frameworks used across multiple products or teams. Familiarity with observability, metrics, and cost tracking for AI-driven automation systems. Experience containerizing, deploying, or operating long-running automation or agent services in production environments. #LI-SA1The personal data that you provide as a part of this job application will be handled in accordance with relevant laws. For more information about how Precisely handles the personal data of job applicants, please see the Precisely Candidate Privacy Notice