ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.About the Role: We are seeking an experienced Principal Software Engineer (Data) to join our fast-paced, collaborative data team. In this role, you will have broad authority to drive the direction of our technographic data services, building world-class data pipelines and systems to process billions of signals and data points. This is an exciting opportunity to solve challenging problems and make a big impact as we invest in making technographics a first-class offering. What You'll Do: Build and optimize big data pipelines to extract and process signals from the web, job postings, and other sources Design and implement data architectures and storage solutions to efficiently handle massive data volumes Collaborate closely with data scientists to support and integrate ML models into data workflows Continuously improve data quality, performance, and scalability of our technographic data platform Drive technical strategy and roadmap for the data processing infrastructure. What We're Looking For: Extensive experience building and scaling big data pipelines and architectures from scratch Deep expertise in big data frameworks (Hadoop, Spark) and the JVM stack (Java, Scala) Strong software engineering fundamentals and ability to write efficient, high-quality code Experience with entity recognition and NLP techniques a plus Proven track record delivering results and driving projects in a fast-paced environment Excellent collaboration and communication skills to work with data scientists, analysts and product teams Passion for leveraging huge datasets to power valuable insights. Ideal Background: 10+ years of experience in software engineering roles. Experience working with very large datasets and distributed systems Familiarity building data pipelines at large tech companies or data-driven organizations Bachelor's or advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field. #LI-SK1 #LI-RemoteActual compensation offered will be based on factors such as the candidate’s work location, qualifications, skills, experience and/or training. Your recruiter can share more information about the specific salary range for your desired work location during the hiring process. We want our employees and their families to thrive. In addition to comprehensive benefits we offer holistic mind, body and lifestyle programs designed for overall well-being. Learn more about ZoomInfo benefits here.Below is the US base salary for this position. Additional compensation such as Bonus, Commission, Equity and other benefits may also apply.$163,800—$257,400 USDAbout us: ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller. ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant Privacy Notice for more details on how we handle your personal information. ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available here. ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements. For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.