Our mission at Oura is to empower every person to own their inner potential. Our award-winning products help our global community gain a deeper knowledge of their readiness, activity, and sleep quality by using their Oura Ring and its connected app. We've helped millions of people understand and improve their health by providing daily insights and practical steps to inspire healthy lifestyles. Empowering the world starts with living our values and empowering our team. As a quickly growing company focused on helping people live healthier and happier lives, we ensure that our team members have what they need to do their best work — both in and out of the office. Our engineering organization consists of many talented developers distributed across the EU and US. For day-to-day feature work, our engineers are organized into smaller cross-functional feature squads or teams. Our squads have a great deal of autonomy and are responsible for the development and architecture of their features. Squads take full ownership of their code and handle everything from concepting, design and implementation to release, maintenance and bug fixes. This is a remote US role with a preference for candidates based in the US-Pacific timezone. We have offices in San Francisco and San Diego for those who prefer hybrid or office settings. We also have employee hubs in New York City, Boston, Los Angeles, Seattle, and more. We are seeking a highly motivated Senior Backend Engineer to join one of our growing teams. There are several roles available covering different feature areas, from enabling new hardware capabilities and interaction modes to building multimodal data labeling and model training pipelines to drive personalized guidance. This is an opportunity to be part of teams that are at the forefront of wearable technology, innovating and defining the future of Oura’s products. What you will do: Own high quality solutions from design to production, including testing, monitoring, and documentation, while helping shape best practices across the engineering lifecycle Proactively tackle ambiguous problems, reducing their complexity into clear, simple, and actionable solutions with stakeholder alignment Ensure all solutions meet the latest security, privacy, and regulatory standards Drive architectural improvements to scale the platform, evolve our infrastructure, and support new product capabilities. Collaborate effectively in a globally distributed, diverse, and cross-functional team, adapting as Oura evolves and new opportunities emerge. Requirements We would love to have you on our team if you: Minimum 5+ years of practical backend development work experience with Python Have architected, built, and deployed scalable, performant, and highly available web services in production on AWS or similar platforms, and can apply architectural patterns and best practices to new and existing products Write code that is highly maintainable, extensible, well-tested, and easy-to-understand Have an affinity for automating busywork and diving into the details to fix problems at the root Have a pragmatic entrepreneurial attitude and delivery-focused mindset: you understand tradeoffs between short-term goals and long-term tech debt and focus on delivering what’s most important Solid computer science fundamentals and design patterns Nice to haves: Experience with Python web server frameworks, such as FastAPI Experience working within a regulated environment Experience with one or more of the following: PCI DSS compliance, data labeling and curation workflows for multimodal or unstructured datasets, dataset generation for model training, cross-functional collaboration with Science and Research teams to define data schemas and label taxonomies, and development of E2E ML training pipelines Experience supporting internal and external security and regulatory audits Experience in deploying infrastructure to different environments Experience in building efficient, scalable database schemas and/or query optimization Experience working asynchronously across time zones Benefits At Oura, we care about you and your well-being. Everyone here at Oura has a ring of their own and we are continually looking to improve employee health. What we offer: Competitive salary and equity packages Health, dental, vision insurance, and mental health resources An Oura Ring of your own plus employee discounts for friends & family 20 days of paid time off plus 13 paid holidays plus 8 days of flexible wellness time off Paid sick leave and parental leave Oura takes a market-based approach to pay, which may vary depending on your location. US locations are categorized into tiers based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. While most offers will be closer to the starting range, successful candidates' pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, internal peer equity, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future. Region 1 $162,000- $203,000 Region 2 $150,000- $187,000 Region 3 $139,000- $174,000 A recruiter can determine your zones/tiers based on your US location. We are not considering candidates residing in the following states: Alaska (AK), Delaware (DE), Iowa (IA), Mississippi (MS), Missouri (MO), Nebraska (NE), South Dakota (SD), Vermont (VT), West Virginia (WV), and Wisconsin (WI) Oura is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Individuals seeking employment at Oura are considered without regard to age, ancestry, color, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, protected family care or medical leave status, race, religion (including beliefs and practices or the absence thereof), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. We will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Disclaimer: Beware of fake job offers!We’ve been alerted to scammers posing as ŌURA recruiters, especially for remote roles. Please note: Our jobs are listed only on the ŌURA Careers page and trusted job boards. We will never ask for personal information like ID or payment for equipment upfront. Official offers are sent through Docusign after a verbal offer, not via text or email. Stay cautious and protect your personal details. To all recruitment agencies: Oura does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Oura employees, or any other organization's location. Oura is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.