WHO WE ARE Consumer Reports is an independent, nonprofit organization dedicated to a fair and just marketplace for all. CR is known for our rigorous testing and trusted ratings on thousands of products and services. We report extensively on consumer trends and challenges, and survey millions of people in the U.S. each year. We leverage our evidence-based approach to advocate for consumer rights, working with policymakers and companies to find solutions for safer products and fair practices. Our mission starts with you. We offer medical benefits that start on your first day as a CR employee that include behavioral health coverage, family planning and a generous 401K match. Learn more about how CR advocates on behalf of our employees.OVERVIEW We’re looking for a full stack Senior Product Engineer to lead the multi-platform engineering efforts for our AskCR chatbot and related AI-driven features across the Consumer Reports website, mobile app, and other digital surfaces. This role is critical in ensuring seamless integration, robust performance, and high-quality user experiences. Reporting to the Director, Web Development you will be part of the Experimental Engineering team where you will drive consistent, maintainable development practices, coordinate cross-team collaboration, and oversee the delivery of resilient software solutions. This is a remote position. This position is not eligible for sponsorship or relocation assistance. How You'll Make An Impact As Senior Product Engineer, you will focus on Ask CR, our AI-powered advisor that answers consumer's questions based on CR’s trusted research and product data, including: Leading the technical planning, architecture, and implementation efforts for AskCR’s multi-platform initiatives, ensuring consistency and maintainability. Collaborating closely with product management, design, and engineering teams to align technical strategy with business and user needs. Coordinating cross-team engineering efforts, facilitating clear communication, effective planning, and efficient release management. Establishing and upholding best practices for code quality, continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD), monitoring, and debugging across platforms. Diagnosing and resolving complex production issues, providing timely and effective solutions. Mentoring and guiding engineering team members, fostering technical growth and leadership capabilities. ABOUT YOU You’ll Be Highly Rated If: You have the educational background. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related technical discipline. You have the engineering experience. 5+ years of professional software engineering experience is required. You bring a strong proficiency in web and mobile development frameworks (specifically React, React Native). You have a strong proficiency in building APIs with Python (e.g. FastAPI). You have proven experience in multi-platform software development and integration, with a track record of delivering high-quality production applications. You have a demonstrated expertise in best practices for CI/CD, automated testing, observability, and debugging. Your excellent communication and collaboration skills, allow you to lead complex projects across diverse teams. You'll Be One of Our Top Picks If: You have prior experience working on consumer-focused AI applications or chatbots. You are familiar with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform) and container orchestration technologies. You have knowledge of ethical AI practices, data privacy compliance, and secure coding principles. FAIR PAY AND A JUST WORKPLACE At Consumer Reports, we are committed to fair, transparent pay and we strive to provide competitive, market-informed compensation informed by location, as well as the candidate’s particular combination of knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience. It is expected that most qualified candidates will fall near the middle of the posted salary range. We have three locations: Yonkers, NY, Washington, DC and Colchester, CT. Consumer Reports is registered to do business in and can only hire from the following states and federal district: Arizona, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and Washington, DC. Salary ranges New York Metropolitan Area, California, Chicago, Boston, and Washington, DC: $140K-$160K annually* All other approved CR locations: $133K-$152K *The higher geographic range also applies to employees who commute to Consumer Reports’ Yonkers, NY facility. For designated metropolitan areas, eligibility is based on residing within 60 miles of the applicable metropolitan area. Consumer Reports is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in employment on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions or lactation), gender identity and expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service or veteran status, protected medical condition as defined by applicable state or local law, disability, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Consumer Reports will provide you with any reasonable assistance or accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process.