CoreWeave is The Essential Cloud for AI™. Built for pioneers by pioneers, CoreWeave delivers a platform of technology, tools, and teams that enables innovators to build and scale AI with confidence. Trusted by leading AI labs, startups, and global enterprises, CoreWeave combines superior infrastructure performance with deep technical expertise to accelerate breakthroughs and turn compute into capability. Founded in 2017, CoreWeave became a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: CRWV) in March 2025. Learn more at www.coreweave.com. Job Title: Senior Engineer IEmployer: CoreWeave, Inc.Location: 290 W Mt Pleasant Ave, Suite 4100, Livingston, NJ 07039.Work Schedule: Full time; Mon – Fri (40 hours per week)Ref # SKNJ. Duties: Design, develop, and maintain large-scale data ingestion, storage, and querying systemssupporting AI/ML experiment tracking and analytics. Architect and optimize distributed systemsand backend services to improve performance, reliability, scalability, and cost-efficiency acrosspetabyte-scale datasets. Implement and enhance customer-facing APIs using modernprogramming languages (e.g., Go, Python, TypeScript) and storage technologies such asMySQL, Bigtable, ClickHouse, Postgres, and Kafka/PubSub. Build, deploy, and operate serviceson Kubernetes-based infrastructure, using tools such as Terraform and major cloud platforms(GCP, AWS, or Azure). Diagnose and resolve complex production issues related to distributedsystems, data pipelines, and storage/query performance. Collaborate with cross-functional teams(product, revenue, and engineering) to define technical requirements, design systemarchitectures, and deliver new platform capabilities. Lead long-term architectural initiatives toevolve metrics and storage infrastructure, ensuring secure, reliable, and cost-optimized operation.Mentor junior engineers by providing technical guidance, code reviews, design feedback, and bestpractices for high-quality software development. Telecommuting permitted 100% of the time from anywhere in the U.S. Export Control Compliance.This position requires access to export controlled information. To conform to U.S. Governmentexport regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person,defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii)refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access theexport controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible andreasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. governmentagency. CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensingprocess. Job Requirements: Bachelor's / US or Foreign Equivalent in Computer Science, ComputerEngineering, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, or related STEM fields and five (5)years of experience in the job offered or related role. Must have five (5) years of experience with:Maintaining and deploying Go and Python code in live software systems; Maintaining andadapting systems that use MySQL and Postgres; Deploying and optimizing distributed systems oncloud platforms, such as GCP, AWS, Azure; Building and maintaining using Kubernetes andDocker; Building, deploying, and developing new features and API (Rest or gRPC); andMaintaining and adapting systems that use Kafka or Pubsub. Salary: $215,000-$254,000 / year The starting salary will be determined based on job-related knowledge, skills, experience, andmarket location. We strive for both market alignment and internal equity when determiningcompensation. In addition to base salary, our total rewards package includes a discretionarybonus, equity awards, and a comprehensive benefits program (all based on eligibility). What We Offer The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determineactual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety offactors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location.In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs, including: Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave Company-paid Life Insurance Voluntary supplemental life insurance Short and long-term disability insurance Flexible Spending Account Health Savings Account Tuition Reimbursement Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health Family-Forming support provided by Carrot Paid Parental Leave Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside 401(k) with a generous employer match Flexible PTO Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations A casual work environment A work culture focused on innovative disruption Qualified Applicants: Click “Apply” and follow directions to submit application What We Offer The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determine actual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety of factors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location. In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs. The benefits below reflect our US-based offerings for full-time employees; for roles in other locations, benefits vary and are shared during the hiring process. These include: Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave Company-paid Life Insurance Voluntary supplemental life insurance Short and long-term disability insurance Flexible Spending Account Health Savings Account Tuition Reimbursement Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health Family-Forming support provided by Carrot Paid Parental Leave Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside 401(k) with a generous employer match Flexible PTO Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations A casual work environment A work culture focused on innovative disruption California Applicants California Consumer Privacy Act Equal Opportunity & Accommodations CoreWeave is an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace. All qualified applicants and candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. As part of this commitment and consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), CoreWeave will ensure that qualified applicants and candidates with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact: careers@coreweave.com. Export Control Compliance This position requires access to export controlled information. To conform to U.S. Government export regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person, defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii) refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access the export controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible and reasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. government agency. CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensing process.